everybody's bob from musicstorelive.com
gig in here from GNL guitars and we've
got a slammin looking Comanche here with
a matching headstock to boot the
Comanches got some pretty wild features
on it particularly with these pickups
it's a great playing guitar you can get
a lot done with this guitar yeah what is
a immediately familiar with people's
they go look a I see the three controls
it's a GL normal volume passive treble
and bass controls you've seen the switch
here on the S 500 where it connects
these two pickups together but where we
kind of move to the left a little bit
here is on these pickups these are
actual humbucking pickups set to be like
a single coil split coil but the reason
that they have to be moved apart like
this is because when you get north and
south poles on a pickup right in line
with each other problem is going to be
when you bend your third string up or
your fourth string down not only do you
cancel the hum you cancel the string
sound so Leo being aware of that
phenomenon just said if I pull these
things apart this far won't have that
problem so created a nice I think a very
interesting cover for it it's like what
you can't hide highlight so what you got
is three humbuckers mm-hmm and you also
have a switch that can let you connect
these two pickups together mm-hmm
so that gives you when you're on
position to or for all three Col all
three pickups on at the same time nice
alright well let's take a listen to this
Comanche we're going to start off listen
to some clean sound so you can hear the
difference in these pickups and then I'm
sure we'll kick up the gain on it a
little bit try to get you into a little
bit more of an aggressive playing
situation
you